feat(curriculum): add string method workshop (#66936)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-employee-profile-validator/69e76e91402d7850510a5f18.md

---
id: 69e76e91402d7850510a5f18
title: Step 16
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

The `.join(list)` method is the opposite of `.split()`. It joins a list of strings into one string using a separator. For example:

```py
parts = ['apple', 'banana', 'cherry']
joined = ' - '.join(parts)
print(joined)  # Output: apple - banana - cherry
```

Join the elements from `address_parts` with a `|` character and assign the result to a variable named `rejoined`.

> Then print `rejoined` so that the output reads: `Rejoined: 123 Main Street | Springfield | IL`.

Reviewer: The description asks for "a `|` character", but the hint below requires `' | '.join(address_parts)`, a pipe with a space on each side. A camper who follows the description literally writes `'|'.join(address_parts)` and fails. Checked against the vendored 9.0.1 helpers:

```python
Node("r = '|'.join(parts)").find_variable('r').is_equivalent("r = ' | '.join(parts)")  # False
```

The expected output does reveal the spaces, but the instruction should name the separator exactly, the way step 15 does for `.split(', ')` ("a comma followed by a single space").

The trailing punctuation is the cross-step item: "so that the output reads" is followed by a colon and no period in steps 2, 3 and 5, a colon and a period in steps 6, 11, 13 and 16, and no colon with a period in steps 4, 9 and 15. Every hint line in the workshop uses the last of those, so aligning the descriptions to it is the smallest change.

```suggestion
Join the elements from `address_parts` with the string `' | '` and assign the result to a variable named `rejoined`.

Then print `rejoined` so that the output reads `Rejoined: 123 Main Street | Springfield | IL`.
```

---
id: 69e76e91402d7850510a5f18
title: Step 16
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-16
---

# --description--

The `.join(list)` method is the opposite of `.split()`. It joins a list of strings into one string using a separator. For example:

```py
parts = ['apple', 'banana', 'cherry']
joined = ' - '.join(parts)
print(joined)  # Output: apple - banana - cherry
```

> Using `address_parts`, create a variable `rejoined` by joining with `' | '`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Join the elements from `address_parts` with a `|` character and assign the result to a variable named `rejoined`.
```

> Then print `rejoined` with the prefix `'Rejoined: '`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Then concatenate the string `Rejoined: ` and the `rejoined` variable and print the result.
```

# --hints--

You should create a variable named `rejoined`.

```js
({ test: () => assert(runPython(`_Node(_code).has_variable('rejoined')`)) })
```

> You should assign rejoined the value `' | '.join(address_parts)`.

Reviewer: `rejoined` is backticked in the hints either side of this one.

```suggestion
You should assign `rejoined` the value `' | '.join(address_parts)`.
```
